README.md, before:

# Gatsby's Webcomic Starter

This is a blog boilerplate that focuses on displaying webcomics and art.
Layout is inspired by webcomics such as [Magical Game Time](https://magicalgametime.com/) and [Dakota McFadzean](https://dakotamcfadzean.tumblr.com/).

You can find the demo **[here](https://gatsby-starter-webcomic.netlify.com/)**.

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the blog starter.

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using the blog starter
    gatsby new my-blog-starter https://github.com/JLDevOps/gatsby-starter-webcomic
    ```
    
    **Note**: If creating the site fails, you can checkout the [Troubleshooting](##Troubleshooting) section (below) for more information.

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd gatsby-starter-webcomic/
    gatsby develop
    ```
    
    **Note**: You can also use npm to start it.
    ```shell
    npm run-script dev
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!
    You can also access the GraphQL query tool via `http://localhost:8000/___graphql`

    Open the `my-blog-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!

## 🚧 Troubleshooting
1. The *Create a Gatsby site* step failed?
    1.  It failed at the npm package installation?
    You can run the npm installation commands to troubleshoot the steps:
    ```shell
    npm install
    ```

## 👋 Authors

* **Jimmy Le** - [Jldevops](https://github.com/jldevops)

## 📃 License

Licensed under the [APACHE License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Updated archive page with wip message

README.md, after:

# Gatsby's Webcomic Starter

This is a blog boilerplate that focuses on displaying webcomics and art.
Layout is inspired by webcomics such as [Magical Game Time](https://magicalgametime.com/) and [Dakota McFadzean](https://dakotamcfadzean.tumblr.com/).

You can find the demo **[here](https://gatsby-starter-webcomic.netlify.com/)**.

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the blog starter.

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using the blog starter
    gatsby new my-blog-starter https://github.com/JLDevOps/gatsby-starter-webcomic
    ```
    
    **Note**: If creating the site fails, you can checkout the [Troubleshooting](##Troubleshooting) section (below) for more information.

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd gatsby-starter-webcomic/
    gatsby develop
    ```
    
    **Note**: You can also use npm to start it.
    ```shell
    npm run-script dev
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!
    You can also access the GraphQL query tool via `http://localhost:8000/___graphql`

    Open the `my-blog-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!

## 🚧 Troubleshooting
1. The *Create a Gatsby site* step failed?
    1.  It failed at the npm package installation?
    You can run the npm installation commands to troubleshoot the steps:
    ```shell
    npm install
    ```

## Features List
1. Work-In-Progress
  1. Archive page -- a page that displays and organizes all posts based by date / time range.

## 👋 Authors

* **Jimmy Le** - [Jldevops](https://github.com/jldevops)

## 📃 License

Licensed under the [APACHE License](LICENSE)
